Merging changes from GraalPy master and updating docs (#34)
graalvm/graalpy.github.io: docs/graalpy-embedded/reference/Modern-Python.md

---
layout: docs-layout
title: Modern Python for the JVM
permalink: /docs/jython-migration/
toc: true
---

# {{ page.title }}

For Python the EOL Python major version 2, Jython was the de-facto default way to interface Python and Java code.
Most existing Jython code that uses Java integration will be based on a stable Jython release&mdash;however, these only available in Python 2.x versions.
GraalPy, in contrast, is compatible with Python 3.x and does not provide full compatibility with earlier 2.x versions of Jython.

To migrate code from Python 2 to Python 3, follow [the official guide from the Python community](https://docs.python.org/3/howto/pyporting.html).
Once your Jython code is compatible with Python 3, follow this guide to iron out other differences between GraalPy and Jython.

> GraalPy first-class support for [Java interoperability](Interoperability.md) that make using Java libraries from Python as easy as possible, with special affordances for Java code beyond the generic interoperability support for other GraalVM languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GraalPy's first-class support for [Java interoperability](Interoperability.md) makes using Java libraries from Python as easy as possible, with special affordances for Java code beyond the generic interoperability support for other GraalVM languages.
```
